Narrator: Coming up, why is Sal showing his true colors?
My favorite color is pink.
and I hope my father drowns.
[ Laughter ]
Why is Murr rocking the love boat?
I want to take you on a cruise to prove --
I'm not going on a cruise, Carly!
[ Laughter ]
And which losing Joker will need a spin doctor
in tonight's punishment?
[ Laughter ]
Sal: Prepare for something amazing.
Q: Hey, mustache, what's up?
[ Laughter ]
Murr: Like a boss!
Sal: I will never forgive you!
Joe: Larry!
[ Laughter ]
Aw, I smashed nuts hard that day.
Today we're in the park, and -- whoops! --
we've come across our daughter's diary.
You've got to convince a stranger to listen
to three of your daughter's most intimate diary entries.
The catch is these entries have been written by the other guys.
If you can't get through three diary entries, you lose.
Oh. Uh-oh.
Oh. Oh, no!
Look at that. Oh, that's funny.
My daughter must've thought this was her bag.
She put her diary in my bag.
[ Laughing ] Oh, my.
She probably did not intend for this to happen.
No, she didn't intend for that. Ohh.
I mean, I should have a peek, though, right?
[ Laughs ]
He gave no barrier to entry there.
Let's read one.
Alright. "Dear Diary" -- Oh, that's cute.
She says, "Dear diary." "My dad almost died today."
Oh, no!
"He tried to dunk a basketball off a trampoline,
but he missed and smashed his nuts on the rim."
Aw, I smashed nuts hard that day.
[ Laughter ]
I'll read one more, right? Yeah, you should.
Oh, this guy's on board. Wow! He's getting permission.
Turn to page 7.
Okay, so, uh,
"Dear Diary, I turned on my computer --
I turned on the computer today and found out
Dad's been selling his underwear on the Internet.
Apparently, he's the number-one seller on this website
because he specializes in doing some sort of
'artsy' thing with his stains."
Aw. Oh, man.
"Hopefully this means he can afford my school supplies."
[ Laughs ] Oh.
So, yeah, you know those sites where you can sell --
It's kind of like Etsy. Yeah.
[ Laughter ]
Oh, I should read one more, right?
Yeah. Yeah.
Well, you got to get through this and you're done, bud.
"Dear Diary --" Oh, this one's a recent entry, too --
"Dear Diary, what the heck?
I caught Dad wearing my shirts again."
[ Laughs ]
He keeps wearing my shirts and stretching them all out.
He says he keeps getting them 'confused' for his shirts."
I do.
"But last night I caught him in my belly shirt,
and how can he think that an extra-small shirt
with Bruno Mars on it
looks anything like that dumb pink button-up shirt
he always wears and calls 'salmon'?
He needs his brain checked."
[ Laughter ]
You found out a lot about me over your lunch, though.
Smashed nuts, stained underwear, the whole thing.
You and I have gotten real close, real fast.
Murr: That's a win, Joey.
Did I mention the smashed nuts already?
[ Ding! ] [ Laughter ]
Very good.
What you got in the backpack, Sal?
[ Chuckling ] Oh, my God.
My daughter --
My daughter accidentally put her diary in my bag.
That's so funny.
Thank God I didn't bring this out
in the middle of the conference room.
Conference room?
You're in shorts and a T-shirt, buddy.
Question is, do I read it? That's the age-old question.
Oh! She said okay.
Alright, page 1.
Ah, see? It's nothing.
It's cute.
"My favorite color is pink.
My favorite song is 'Uptown Funk.'
And I hope my father drowns."
[ Laughter ]
I mean, she's a huge fan of Bruno Mars.
That's the the thing he's taking umbrage with.
Yeah, that's the problem.
Well, maybe you should check out another one.
On the heels of this, though, I'm turning the page.
I'm sorry.
What if it's worse? Well, we can find out.
Okay. Sure!
August 5th. "Today was a bad day at school.
All the kids saw Dad crying in the parking lot
after he dropped me off."
"He parks in a handicapped spot and...
eats a box of mini doughnuts and he cries.
Mom won't let him have mini doughnuts in the house anymore.
I hate mini doughnuts 'cause of what they do to my dad."
[ Laughter ]
Look at her face! [ Claps ]
I'm telling you, I just got to go to the next one because y--
Oh!
Ohh! Ohh! That's it!
That's it, buddy!
Well, what's funny is I was gonna head
to the doughnut shop right over there
to get some doughnuts. [ Laughs ]
[ Buzzer ]
Oh, snap.
My goodness.
My daughter put her diary in my bag
instead of her bag this morning.
Don't read it. Dude, what did you say?
Don't read it. Don't read it?
[ Laughter ]
I got to read one, man. I got to -- Don't you think?
As a father, as a concerned father, shouldn't I --
Yeah. Uh-oh. Nice, Murr, nice.
Uh, let's see.
"Dear Diary, I'm excited for the concert tonight,
but my friends and I can't seem to agree
on seating arrangements.
We can either do Tina, me, Lisa
or Lisa, me, Tina..." [ Snickers ]
"...or me, Lisa, Tina
or Tina, Lisa, me
or Lisa, Tina, me
or me, Tina, Lisa.
I think it should be Tina, Lisa, me
or Lisa, Tina, me
or me, Lisa, Tina
or me, Tina, Lisa.
I just don't want to sit in the middle."
That was just to make Murray look like an idiot.
We just put one in there.
What do you think? I read one more?
Let me -- I'm just -- Let's do one more.
"Dear Diary, I got an 'A'
on my Eleanor Roosevelt presentation.
I'm so excited.
Daddy promised me he would say 'I love you' again
if my grades improved.
I think I should get 100 on my bio test, too.
Maybe our first hug will be next."
Aw, your first hug?
That's a little bit sad. [ Laughter ]
See, this is why I should keep reading,
'cause it's giving me good feedback as a parent, right?
Maybe one more?
Eh, well...
Right? Alright, one more. We'll do one more.
Sal: Oh, he got it! He got it!
August 5th.
"Dear Diary, it's been three days since Ryan's party,
and the Ping-Pong balls still haven't popped out."
[ Laughter ]
But he got it. He got it.
He got it. He got it.
I'm a bad father.
[ Ding! ] Nice, Murr.
Close the book on Sal.
He's first up on the loser board.
Today we're at Bean & Bean shop,
grabbing a cup of coffee with our "girlfriend."
But, guys, relationships are hard.
When she leaves the table, we've got to ask
the other customer if we should break up with her.
The catch is the bizarre reason we're gonna break up with her
has been given to us by the other guys.
If you can't convince a stranger to agree with you
that you should break up with your girlfriend, you lose.
Look at us. They should break up with us.
[ Laughter ]
♪♪
Do they know Carly from the show?
Carly's been in the show. She played my wife.
Hot and crispy? Panko. Definitely Panko.
Alright, he's in.
Snookums.
This is Murray doing his impression of a normal person.
That's my baby.
I don't like it when you call me that.
No? Okay, I won't say that.
[ Laughter ]
Anyways...do you have a phone call to make?
Yeah, you're right.
Okay. I'll be back.
Okay. Watch my coffee.
Okay, okay.
Ay.
That's my girlfriend, right? Yeah.
Mind if I ask your advice on this?
I feel like --
You know, I feel like I have to break up with her. She --
"She thinks the Earth is round."
I swear, she thinks the Earth is round, which is crazy.
I don't agree with her.
For me, I think that's kind of a deal-breaker.
"She wants me to go on a cruise."
Also, believe what you want, but she wants me to go
on a cruise and fall off the edge?
No.
[ Laughter ]
"Oh, no, you're an Earth-rounder, too?"
Oh, I'm sorry. You actually do believe it's round?
Yeah. It is.
I would never date you.
[ Laughter ]
I feel like we're straying from the topic.
Joe: "Should I break up with her?"
Should I break up with her?
[ Laughter ]
Can we send Carly back in?
Let's get this breakup going in front of this guy.
Hey, babes, how's your mom? Yeah, everything's good.
She's good? Yeah.
Uh...
I've been, uh --
I've been talking to this crackpot over here,
and he thinks the Earth is round, too.
So...
I thought we were done with this argument.
We're never done with the argument.
I want to take you on a cruise to prove to you --
I'm not going on a cruise, Carly!
There's no -- You're not gonna fall off.
You're asking me to sign my death warrant.
This is an insane fear. Screw this.
I'm breaking up with you. It's done.
I'll see you at the end of the Earth.
[ Laughter ]
Joe: Oh, here they are, the lovely couple.
Excuse me.
This is a friend of ours -- Helen.
We put her in as Q's girlfriend.
What a world. My God, look at his beard.
Excuse me.
How long did it take you to grow your beard?
Usually like five months.
Say, "Baby, you would totes look great with that beard."
You would totes look great with that beard.
Amaze-balls, babe. I would look amaze-balls.
Thank you. Thank you. You think you could do it?
[ Laughter ]
Butter and oil, babe.
Awesomesauce. Yeah!
Awesomesauce.
Shoot. I got to take this call, babe.
Let me be right back. Joe: "It's cray-cray."
It's cray-cray. [ Squeals ]
So, the reason why you're gonna break up with her,
so we're clear, is that she uses words
like "cray-cray," "amaze-balls."
Murr: "Awesomesauce." Sal: "Yass."
That's my girlfriend, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Did you hear that shit with the "cray-cray"
and "amaze-balls"?
"Awesomesauce." He said it -- "awesomesauce."
It's not just me, right?
Nah. Murr: Yes!
Oh, my God, he might agree. He might agree.
Q might win.
It's annoying A.F. You know what I'm saying?
"Annoying A.F."? Now she's got me doing it.
It sounds like he's giving you permission to break up.
Would you think less of me if I broke up with her?
Oh! Oh!
Oh!
You had him, and you let him go! He was on the hook.
Hey, baby. That call was cray-cray.
And here comes the breakup.
Are you okay, babe?
I'm f-- I'm great.
I just -- I just think that maybe we should
just take a break-break.
Murr: Look at him!
Bae, no, no. Well, well --
Yeah, I thought our relationship was lit A.F.
Why are you being so savage? I literally --
Babe, I think you have to get woke.
I'm going.
[ Laughter ]
Joe: It's over. You lost.
That was cray-cray.
[ Buzzer ] [ Laughter ]
Ah, look how cute.
Carly and Sal sitting in a tree.
That's a cute -- Sorry, I didn't mean to stare.
That's a really cute little necklace.
Where did you get it? On Etsy.
Carly, just go, "Oopsey, I farted."
I -- Yeah. I did...
[ Laughs ] Look at Carly processing it!
Oh, oopsey.
I just, uh, farted a little bit.
I got to go. I'll be right back.
[ Laughter ]
Joe: Sal, the reason why you're gonna break up with her
is 'cause she just farted.
Murr: [ Laughs ]
Q: Look at his face. He looks so upset.
Did you hear what -- What's that?
No, I'm just -- I'm sorry. I'm taken aback.
Did my girlfriend just --
Did she just say she farted and ran away?
She did, right? You heard her?
I'm so embarrassed. Don't be embarrassed.
Everyone farts. She said, "Whoopsey"?
I got to break up with her.
[ Laughter ]
Right? I mean...
I can't believe that we're discussing this, but you --
but I could use your perspective.
You heard it, so if I did,
in your opinion, would you think less of me?
Like, would you think that I'm at least justified
that that makes me feel that way?
On paper, it would be kind of a big move
for something kind of small.
Ohh! Ohh!
Ohh!
That's a no.
[ Groans ] Hey, babe.
"Sorry I cracked a rat."
Sorry I cracked a rat.
[ Laughter ]
Is farting funny to you?
I don't -- It's not funny...
to me.
[ Laughter ]
For today, let's cool it. I'll call you later.
So, are you -- are you breaking up with me?
I'll put it in your terms.
I'm gonna disappear like a fart in the wind for now,
and then we can talk about it later.
[ Laughter ]
Whoopsey.
Those little tables are no good. [ Chuckles ]
Yeah, this is better.
Here we go.
First off, I wanted to tell you, I thank you so much.
That was nice of you to offer to drive.
Yeah, of course.
Sounds like a real sizzling-hot relationship you guys got.
[ Laughter ]
You getting that Ping-Pong?
No.
It's this sort of electricity that led to two kids for Joe.
[ Laughter ]
I used to be much better at this.
Can I suggest why you guys should break up?
[ Laughter ]
I don't even think you need a line.
I think we all just feel it.
I don't think this is right.
He's just gonna break up with her.
He's not even playing the game.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're dumped.
I don't --
[ Laughter ]
It's just not working.
I mean, everybody sees it.
[ Laughter ]
Narrator: All the guys are single and ready to mingle
at Sal's punishment.
Yee-hee! Yes!
Sal has lost, so we are here at Dallas Barbecue in Times Square.
Now, all of America knows
that Sal always falls down laughing or whatnot.
Yeah, so we thought for your punishment, buddy,
you would do the falling and we would do the laughing.
And what the [bleep] does that mean?
[ Laughter ]
What does that mean?
I see sh-- I see stuff all around.
Did you see the dizzy goggles?
No.
So I get it.
Murr: Guys, you know what's the worst?
What's the worst? A clumsy waiter.
Oh, so bad. Right? Their balance is off.
Yeah, clumsy waiter. They keep spilling stuff.
Here's our clumsy waiter, Sal Vulcano.
So, we have some alcohol-impairment glasses here.
These are what they are.
Murr, stand right here for me.
Look, now, here is where Murray really is.
Move them up. There you go.
And now watch where Murray goes.
[ Laughter ]
So now Sal's gonna have to try
to fill up waters wearing these glasses.
These is exciting. Yeah.
Here we go.
Oh [bleep] you.
[ Laughter ]
Sal, just try to take some steps.
♪♪
[ Laughs ]
[ Laughs ] Look how slow he's gonna walk!
♪♪
Alright, Sal, go fill up that water glass.
[ Laughter ]
Guys, I honestly -- Here we go.
Hey, sir, get you some more water?
[ Laughter ]
He's missing it! He's missing it!
You missed the cup completely!
You weren't even close!
Oh-ho!
Uh, get you some water here?
♪♪
[ Laughter ]
[ Laughter ] Oh, no.
♪♪
Here you go, buddy.
[ Laughter ]
Both of 'em!
Enough with the water. Why don't you pick up your tray
in the server station number one?
Which -- What -- [ Chuckles ]
Oh, no!
Oh, my God. Here we go.
Come on out of server station one,
and there's your drinks of water to serve.
It looks like there's like 10 glasses of water
hovering in the air and I have an empty tray in my hand.
Oh, buddy.
[ Laughter ]
♪♪
Murr: Oh!
Sorry.
[ Laughs ]
He can't even see them!
[ Laughter ]
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
You idiot!
Joe: Serve right there.
Oh, no!
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
I will have someone come over right now.
So sorry.
Sal, I don't know if I've ever heard anybody in my life say,
"Oh, no!"
Keep going, keep going!
Murr: There's water pouring off your tray.
[ Laughs ]
Where did it go? Did he put it on some --
He put one in the other.
♪♪
[ Laughs ] Good save.
You have one last water to serve.
[ Laughter ]
Nice one. Nice work, buddy.
Now just go to up server station number two,
where there's [ Exhales sharply ] for yo
There you go, Sal.
Have a seat in that chair right there
Will Thaxton put together. Oh, no.
Ready for takeoff, buddy?
Spin him. Murr: Here he goes.
Whoa. Whoa!
There you go. Whoa!
Oh, my God.
And launch in 3, 2, 1!
Launch him! Get the tray!
Get the tray! Get the tray!
Get the tray! Go! Go!
♪♪
Nailed it. [ Laughs ]
I'm good!
[ Laughter ]
My bad on that.
Yes, I'm fine, thank you. This happens once in a while.
Thank you so much.
Alright, Sal, go into your next station there, bud.
♪♪
The old-school Sit 'n Spin. Oh, yeah, okay.
It's a classic.
Caution -- Also, Sal, the weight limit is 125 pounds,
so we're not sure what's gonna happen here.
What do you mean? That should be fine.
[ Laughter ] Go, baby, go!
Alright, there you go. There you go.
Spin, baby, spin.
Oh, my God, guys. Oh, my God.
Whoa, guys. There you go.
Whoa. There you go.
Give it to him. Go, go!
[ Laughter ]
♪♪
Oh! Oh, my God!
[ Laughter ]
Look at this whole table.
♪♪
Are you okay?
[ Laughs ]
He's got no shoes! He lost his shoe!
I can't do it to him anymore! That's too funny!
I'm sorry. It's over.
It's over. You almost killed yourself.
Ohh.
A toast to Sal.
To Sal. To Sal.
[Bleep] you.
[ Laughter ]
♪♪
Hey, Gabby? Gabby: Yes?
I'll get another one of those soups if we can.
It was delicious.
With salt, too, please.
♪♪
Slide the cup toward her, buddy.
Toward the m maybe so.
Will, I've had enough of this bull[bleep] Start spinning him.
[ Laughs ] Oh, my God.
There he goes.
Get in there, Lucy.
Guys, oh, my God.
[ Laughs ] Oh, yeah!
Oh, my God!
[ Laughter ]
He fell!
What a happy accident!
He fell out of the chair!
We caught you!
Alright. Pull him out and do it again.